SARVATHAA ROUND FAVICON

Uses the existing S emblem cropped from assets/images/sarvathaa-logo.webp.
The original header logo and website design have not been changed.
All 15 HTML pages include icon links with a new cache version.
ICO contains 16, 32 and 48 pixel versions; PNG sizes are also supplied.

IMPORTANT: SARVATHAA USES FLASK
The original app blocked root favicon URLs. The updated app.py allows only
the six named favicon files. Private files and course protections stay blocked.
Your existing Nginx configuration can proxy these icon requests to Flask.

FILES TO DEPLOY
Copy the complete ZIP contents into your existing local Sarvathaa project.
Review, commit and push the changed HTML pages, app.py, new favicon files,
and tests to GitHub. Keep your existing real secrets and database untouched.
Favicon files must sit beside index.html and app.py, not inside assets.

EXISTING VPS UPDATE
The supplied deployment configuration uses /var/www/sarvathaa and service
sarvathaa. Confirm these match your existing VPS installation before running:

cd /var/www/sarvathaa
sudo -u "$(stat -c '%U' .git)" git remote -v
sudo -u "$(stat -c '%U' .git)" git status --short

Confirm this is your Sarvathaa repository. If status lists changes or an error,
stop and preserve those changes. Do not force reset, delete or re-clone it.
If clean and your update has been pushed to GitHub:

sudo -u "$(stat -c '%U' .git)" git pull --ff-only

Only after pull succeeds, restart Flask to load the new favicon route:

sudo systemctl restart sarvathaa
sudo systemctl status sarvathaa --no-pager

Do not replace the live Nginx HTTPS configuration or change the database.
No database migration or new dependency is needed for this favicon change.

CHECK
Open https://www.sarvathaa.com/favicon.png in a new private browser window.
It should show the round Sarvathaa emblem. Then open the homepage in a new tab.
If it returns 404, check that the new icons and app.py were pulled and that
the correct app service was restarted. This ZIP does not deploy itself.

LOCAL VERIFICATION
Passed: icon links on 15 pages; icon size and transparent-corner checks;
static HTTP file delivery; Python syntax; isolated favicon allowlist checks;
all 12 existing frontend regression checks.
Full Flask integration tests were not run because the local environment
lacked Flask dependencies and dependency installation was unavailable.
Favicon integration tests are included in tests/test_deployment.py for use
in a configured development environment without connecting a live database.
